ArrayList :- 
1. Write a Java program to create an array list, add some colors (strings) and print out the collection.
use cases :- 
after that iterate through all the collection.
Write a Java program to insert an element into the array list at the first position.
Write a Java program to retrieve an element (at a specified index) from a given array list.


2.Write a Java program to update an array element by the given element.
Write a Java program to remove the third element from an array list.
Write a Java program to search for an element with their specific name in an array list.
Write a Java program to sort a given array list.
Write a Java program to shuffle elements in an array list.. Write a Java program to reverse elements in an array list.


3. Write a Java program to replace the second element of an ArrayList with the specified element.
Write a Java program to print all the elements of an ArrayList using the elements' position.



LinkedList 
1. Write a code for add some data in LinkedList and
Write a Java program to append the specified element to the end of a linked list.
use cases :-
Write a Java program to iterate through all elements in a linked list.
Write a Java program to iterate through all elements in a linked list starting at the specified position.
Write a Java program to iterate a linked list in reverse order.
 Write a Java program to insert the specified element at the specified position in the linked list.
Write a Java program to insert elements into the linked list at the first and last positions.
Write a Java program to insert some elements at the specified position into a linked list.
Write a Java program to get the first and last occurrence of the specified elements in a linked list.
 Write a Java program to remove a specified element from a linked list.
. Write a Java program to remove the first and last elements from a linked list.
Write a Java program to remove all elements from a linked list.
Write a Java program to shuffle elements in a linked list.
. Write a Java program to replace an element in a linked list.
 Write a Java program to check if a particular element exists in a linked list.
